Citations are essential for writing reports, papers,
and other documents.
Let’s take a closer look at the concept of this “citation”
and the rules under the Copyright Law.
Citation uses text, figures, tables, etc., that are the work of
others in one’s reports or papers based on previously known
findings, facts, etc.
It is used to develop one’s logic or to show one’s point
more clearly by contrasting one’s ideas
with those of others to show features and differences.
For this reason, citations are almost always used
in reports and papers.
The basic rule is to obtain the copyright owner’s permission
when using another person’s work.
Still, the Copyright Law allows “citation” as an exceptional
situation where a user can use the work
without the copyright owner’s permission.
However, a user should note the following points when using
another person’s work as a “citation” as permitted
by the Copyright Law.
The work must be a work that has already been published,
there must be a “master-subject relationship” between
the cited portion and the rest of the work,
and the “cited portion” must be made clear by brackets
or other means.
These two requirements are generally necessary
to be considered a citation.
The citation must conform to “fair practice,”
must be “within the legitimate scope” for the citation,
such as news reporting, criticism, or research,
and must “clearly” indicate the source of the citation.
Let’s think about it while looking at your reports.
Let’s start with Naoya’s report.
What do you all think?
To use a work as a citation, you have to show
whose work it is and where it was from.
Yes. It’s called “indication of the source.”
I was going to write the URL of the site I referred to
or something at the end of the report.
There seem to be problems besides the indication of the source.
For clarity, let’s color in the part Naoya cited in the report.
This report doesn’t even clarify which part is the cited part.
Yes. To be called a “citation,” the cited portion must be
clearly distinguished.
In text, for example, citations must be separated
by brackets, etc.
Are there any other points?
In general, to be considered a “citation,” it is also necessary
that the cited portion and the rest of the report have
a “master-subject” relationship, i.e.,
in the case of a report, your argument is qualitatively and
quantitatively, the master and the cited portion is the subject.
Master-subject relationship.
I’m not sure if I’m quoting too much in my report.
In addition, for a citation under the Copyright Law,
it must conform to “fair practice” and be “within the
legitimate scope” for the citation,
such as “news reporting, criticism, or research.
Citations that cause significant economic disadvantage
to the copyright owner of the cited material are not allowed,
so the quotation amount must be within the necessary range.
I’d make sure to cite only what is necessary to develop
the argument, or readers might not consider the argument
by the author, Aoi.
What is wrong with my report?
Kasumi cites the paper I plan to publish in her report.
She cites it as a work that has not yet been published.
Is that okay?
For a work to be a citation under the Copyright Law,
the work must have been published.
Unpublished works, such as pre-publication and
student-written reports, fall under this category.
Suppose Ryota’s paper has not yet been published.
In that case, it does not meet the requirements for citation
under the Copyright Law.
You cannot cite it without the copyright owner’s permission.
Yes.
I guess my understanding wasn’t wrong after all.
However,
I heard the paper had just been published, so I think there
should be no problem if you rewrite the source correctly.
Thank you. I will remember that citation applies
to a “published work.”
I hope you all master the correct citation method
to get your point across.